Add doc dir for Keptn 0.16 (#1228)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.16.x/continuous_delivery/deployment_helm/index.md

---
title: Deployment with Helm
description: Details about Keptn using Helm for deployment.
weight: 10
keywords: [0.16.x-cd]
---

> Keptn uses [Helm v3](https://helm.sh/) for deploying a services to a Kubernetes cluster. This is currently implemented in the [helm-service](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/tree/0.16.0/helm-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keptn uses [Helm v3](https://helm.sh/) to deploy services to a Kubernetes cluster. This is currently implemented in the [helm-service](https://github.com/keptn/keptn/tree/0.16.0/helm-service).
```

## Blue-green deployments

If the deployment strategy of a stage in the [shipyard](https://github.com/keptn/examples/blob/0.11.0/onboarding-carts/shipyard.yaml) is configured as `deploymentstrategy: blue_green_service`, Helm creates two
 deployments within the Kubernetes cluster: (1) the primary and (2) the canary deployment. This can be inspected using the
 following command:

```console
$ kubectl get deployments -n sockshop-staging carts carts-primary -owide
```

```
NAME            READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE   CONTAINERS   IMAGES                                 SELECTOR
carts-primary   1/1     1            1           56m   carts        docker.io/keptnexamples/carts:0.13.1   app=carts-primary
carts           0/0     0            0            3m   carts        docker.io/keptnexamples/carts:0.13.2   app=carts
```

When triggering a delivery (with a new artifact, e.g., 0.13.2), a canary deployment will be modified and scaled up.

```
NAME            READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE   CONTAINERS   IMAGES                                 SELECTOR

> carts-primary   1/1     1            1           57m   carts        docker.io/keptnexamples/carts:0.13.1   app=carts-primary

Author: Yeah, I already had this conversation we @johannes-b and we agreed to keep it until we move to the podtato-head example

> carts-primary   1/1     1            1           57m   carts        docker.io/keptnexamples/carts:0.13.1   app=carts-primary

Reviewer: Makes sense -- I just noted it in case it had slipped by you.
